[Storage] align with documentation guide (#7423)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/storage/storage-file-datalake/README.md

> Notice: Data Lake currently shares CORS settings for blob service.

## Key concepts

Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2 was designed to:

> - Service multiple petabytes of information while sustaining hundreds of gigabits of throughput

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Serve multiple petabytes of information while sustaining hundreds of gigabits of throughput
```

- Cost effective in terms of low-cost storage capacity and transactions
- Optimized driver for big data analytics

A fundamental part of Data Lake Storage Gen2 is the addition of a hierarchical namespace to Blob storage. The hierarchical namespace organizes objects/files into a hierarchy of directories for efficient data access.

In the past, cloud-based analytics had to compromise in areas of performance, management, and security. Data Lake Storage Gen2 addresses each of these aspects in the following ways:
- Performance is optimized because you do not need to copy or transform data as a prerequisite for analysis. The hierarchical namespace greatly improves the performance of directory management operations, which improves overall job performance.
- Management is easier because you can organize and manipulate files through directories and subdirectories.
- Security is enforceable because you can define POSIX permissions on directories or individual files.
- Cost effectiveness is made possible as Data Lake Storage Gen2 is built on top of the low-cost Azure Blob storage. The additional features further lower the total cost of ownership for running big data analytics on Azure.

> Data lake storage offers three types of resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data Lake storage offers three types of resources:
```

- The _storage account_ used via `DataLakeServiceClient`
- A _file system_ in the storage account used via `DataLakeFileSystemClient`
- A _path_ in a file system used via `DataLakeDirectoryClient` or `DataLakeFileClient`

|Azure DataLake Gen2 	      | Blob       |
| --------------------------| ---------- |
|Filesystem                 | Container  | 
|Path (File or Directory)   | Blob       |

> > Note: This client library does not support hierarchical namespace (HNS) disabled storage accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: This client library only supports storage accounts with hierarchical namespace (HNS) enabled.
```

  [Note - Above steps are only for Node.js]

> #### with StorageSharedKeyCredential

Reviewer 2: what about `StorageSharedKeyCredential`?

Author: The headers combine to a whole sentence: `Create the XX service client, with xx credential`.

Reviewer 2: It's formated, What about enclose StorageSharedKeyCredential '`' considering it's a type in code?

Author: Sure, fixed.
